docs: fix awkward wording in comparison.mdx (#10517)
better-auth/better-auth: docs/content/docs/comparison.mdx

---
title: Comparison

> description: Comparison of Better Auth over other auth libraries and services.

Reviewer: I think "over" suggests superiority, which isn't the intent, so I'll go with "versus"

> <p className="text-orange-400 dark:text-orange-200">Comparison is the thief of joy.</p>

> Here are some key reasons why you may want to use Better Auth over other auth libraries and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some key reasons why you may want to use Better Auth instead of other auth libraries and services.
```
